when a sexual assault occurs, there are many. Resource is that you have,
um, that you can take advantage of, uh, one would be the chaplain.
Um, it could be your spiritual advisor. They could give you some kind
words and make you think about life positively, um, regarding your
case, Uh, regarding a case. There's the victim's advocate who's more
in an administrative role. They can tell you what resources are
available. Um, what things can be charged on, What type of charge There
there it will be, whether it's gonna be, um, restricted or unrestricted.
And the SAARC also plays a role in that as well. They have,
um, lots of knowledge available to them that they can share with you.
Um, if they're one of the first people that you go to if you've been,
um, uh, if you have a sexual assault case that you want to talk
about, um, a swell as the medical field, you could go toe doctors and
nurses and your local hospital, and they can explain what things
that they will provide if you've been attacked or assaulted